Add tt create, build (#3169)
tarantool/doc: doc/reference/tooling/tt_cli/build.rst

.. _tt-build:

Building an application
====================

..  code-block:: bash

    tt build [PATH] [flags]

> ``tt build `` builds a Tarantool application locally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``tt build`` builds a Tarantool application locally.
```
Typo

Flags
-----

..  container:: table

    ..  list-table::
        :widths: 30 70
        :header-rows: 0

        *   -   ``--spec``
            -   Path to a ``.rockspec`` file to use for the current build

Details
-------

The ``PATH`` argument should contain the path to the application directory
(that is, to the build source). The default path is ``.`` (current directory).

The application directory must contain a ``.rockspec`` file to use for the build.

> If there are more than one ``.rockspec`` files in the application directory, specify

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If there is more than one ``.rockspec`` file in the application directory, specify
```

the one to use in the ``--spec`` argument.

``tt build`` builds an application with the ``tt rocks make`` command.

The application dependencies will be downloaded into the ``.rocks`` directory,
making the application ready to run locally.

Pre-build and post-build scripts
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In addition to building the application with LuaRocks, ``tt build``
can execute *pre-build* and *post-build* scripts. These scripts should
contain steps to execute right before and after building the application.
These files must be named ``tt.pre-build`` and ``tt.post-build`` correspondingly
and located in the application directory.

.. note::

    For compatibility with Cartridge applications, the pre-build and post-build scripts
    can also have names ``cartridge.pre-build`` and ``cartridge.post-build``.

If your application depends on closed-source rocks, or if the build should contain
rocks from a project added as a submodule, **install** all these

> dependencies **before** building using the pre-build script.

Reviewer: The phrase is ambiguous, and the connection between words is not quite clear. Do you mean "install using the pre-build script" or "building using the pre-build script"?
